# neuro240

	This project showed that classical statistical models, like COX regression, can provide insights in cancer research, in particular at the population level. In particular, the model identified some comorbidities that generally increase the risk for colorectal cancer patients. These findings can be useful at the population level: for example, the general population could be informed about the risk associated with a higher BMI index and be advised to keep their own BMI index under control. Furthermore, results from the COX regression can be used to make qualitative predictions above patients' outcomes. However, despite a good concordance index, we do not think that the results from the COX regression are reliable enough to make individualized recommendations/predictions for a specific patient.

On the other hand, ANN models can obtain the level of accuracy needed for modeling and making predictions at the individual level. This paper has shown that when there is abundance of data to train the model on, the ANN predictions become particularly accurate, as is evident from the differences across classes. Furthermore, using LIME we have shown that in the presence of abundant data it is possible to interpret the output of the ANN model, which is particularly important in a medical setting and perhaps a primary reason for the minimal use of neural networks in medicine so far. An interesting finding from the interpretation of the ANN model is that the relative weights of the covariates influencing hazard seem to change with time (contrary to what assumed in many traditional models, like in COX regression); more data in multiple classes would be needed to confirm this hypothesis. 
